Request to add warning in `databricks_permissions.token_usage` (#1380)
databrickslabs/terraform-provider-databricks: docs/resources/permissions.md

## Token usage

> !> **Warning** After applying the changes, users who previously had either `Can Use` or `Can Manage` permission but no longer have either permission have their access to token-based authentication revoked. Their active tokens are immediately deleted (revoked). One cannot retrieve deleted tokens.
> 
> It is required to have at least 1 personal access token in the workspace before you can manage tokens permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is required to have at least 1 personal access token in the workspace before you can manage tokens permissions.

!> **Warning** There can be only one `authorization = "tokens"` permissions resource per workspace, otherwise there'll be a permanent configuration drift. After applying changes, users who previously had either `CAN_USE` or `CAN_MANAGE` permission but no longer have either permission have their access to token-based authentication revoked. Their active tokens are immediately deleted (revoked).
```

> -> **Note** It is required to have at least 1 personal access token in the workspace before you can manage tokens permissions.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> !> **Warning** After applying the changes, any users who previously had either `Can Use` or `Can Manage` permission but no longer have either permission are denied access to token-based authentication and their active tokens are immediately deleted (revoked). Deleted tokens cannot be retrieved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!> **Warning** After applying the changes, users who previously had either `Can Use` or `Can Manage` permission but no longer have either permission have their access to token-based authentication revoked. Their active tokens are immediately deleted (revoked). One cannot retrieve deleted tokens.

It is required to have at least 1 personal access token in the workspace before you can manage tokens permissions.
```
